Now, let's look at the schema changes that we will have to do in order to move to Cassandra DB from
an IBM is like has.
So there's this schema that we use in Postgres as database.
There's a typical Ardbeg schema where we have normalized schema, which means that that's in order.
Data is represented in two tables order table and order line table or a line basically represents the
line items that you buy as part of an order.
So there can be multiple products that we buy in in order so they are stored separately in order lined
table.
And the master information, which is common to all these order lengths, is stored in order table.
So that way, this is a very compact representation of data.
The other way of representation of such data is being normalized representation, which is what we are
going to see in Cassandra Debbie.
So in Cassandra, debate table definition is pretty much same as what is there, and I'd be here also.
We have table and columns and each column has got data type.
Unlike IBM's, here we have these tables in d normalized format.
The reason is that we cannot do a joins and Cassandra Debbie for that matter, any nor secretly.
So we keep daytime D normalized format.
The other very visible differences that in our schema, we had all these foreign key constraints.
We do not have those foreign key constraints over here in Cassandra TV, and that is understandable.
Even if we go to this kind of partitioning where we have separate databases for order and separate databases
for product because data resides in two different databases.
So we can't have integrity constraints on foreign key constraints between two separate databases.
So because no single data is partitioned at the record level, so we cannot have those kind of foreign
key constraint.
So that's a trade off anyway.
We are willing to make as part of a large scale system.
So this is something that we have already accepted.
Now, the other side and friends over here is that here also we have a notion of primary care.
So let's say a product has a primary key as ID and we have similar primary care in IDB image schema
as well.
The only difference is here we call it as partitioned key.
The reason is that this partition key decides in which note this particular record will reside in.
So let's say we have Ben Nord's and Cassandra Debbie.
Then by looking at this ICD, the system will compute hash of this ID and will decide one out of one
of those standards which node will be responsible for this particular record.
So that's where this partitioned key plays a role.
It's like primary hiebert primary key definition actually in Cassandra has little extended meaning it
not only has partitioned key, but it also has sarki along with that.
So primary key is actually partition key plus or key Nozaki as part of primary key, but it does not
decide your partition partition is solely decided by partition key only.
So what that means is depending upon partition key, the database records for a given partition key
will go to a certain node only.
So let's it.
What we have done over here is in this autoline table because we generally would like to fetch orders
for a user ID for a particular user.
So we have made user ID is the partition key so that all the orders of a user, they go to one single
so that whenever we run this query, get orders for a particular user.
We don't have to search all different machines where a user order can be there, because if a user ID
is no partition key and order IDs the partition key, then different orders for the same user can go
to different, different nodes.
So those are the kind of things that we need to worry about when we create schema for a new secretively.
And this is for Cassandra Deb.
One last thing that this sarki it is called as aki or clustering because within a partition, this will
decide where, how the records will be sorted.
So for a given user ID, the records will be sorted for by ID and automated.
So User ID and Order ID will together determine these sort order of records in a node.
So that's a schema in brief.
This will give you a good idea of how the schema structure, at least it will get you started with this.
Now, let's see what are the different chord changes that will have to do to work with Cassandra Debbie.